how many people are we feeding on
average and if I treat people that
depending sometimes 30 the great thing
is that if you've never made a salad
before you can do that here if you're
having difficulty with your skill set in
the classroom you can either see your
chef which is the first protocol the
chef instructor or you can come and see
us in the production kitchen we can make
time for you here like when I was having
difficulty with some turning I came down
here and I'm sewing I still another day
turning turnips and carrots and potatoes
and with those they seem like many of
menial tasks and the you may or may not
apply them in your career but what it
does is it teaches discipline and a just
fine motor skills so of those that may
you may view them as being small skills
they do have an impact overall also too
you get exposure to different chefs than
percent here and
their demos and did their music class if
shepper Mendoza does sculpting carving
we have all the ships down here
preparing their demos helping
mr. demos as well two wonderful chefs
France and we have a great opportunity
we also have a beloved program in the
United States and those ships chefs come
up here to train so if you want to train
and you want to develop the discipline
and knowledge and skill set this is a
great place to start we always ask the
question why are you here
and you're here where no one was born a
chef you're confident because you want
to gain those skills it's it's a very
concentrated program that's not over
here to violence it's not easy to
probably be the most different work that
you've ever done in your life and
probably the most rewarding thing you've
ever been anybody
so we have a great opportunity here to
pass on our skill set to students and we
want to see go on envelop your careers
we have students from all over the world
and returning to all over the world from
here Sunday they're wonderful
ambassadors for us we give me very very
very grateful for the students that we
have I think you'll enjoy their cultures
immensely everyone has their different
still set in their learning styles so we
have to understand what their phonetic
learner whether they're a visual
learners auditory learner of a
combination of those those things are
important for us to understand so that
we can pass on
it is still something you need two
people for Thank You chef that was